---
title: "Day 44: Saturday, November 8, 2025"
date: "2025-11-08"
day: 44
icon: ""
dayOfWeek: "Saturday"
location: "Tokyo"
photos: [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22, 23]
description: "Hokusai, Meji Shrine and Shibuya"
stats:
  kimbap: 20
  commits: 0
  worked: 0
  cultural: 9 
  steps: 29733
tags: []
thumbnail: 3
draft: false
coordinates:
  lat: null
  lng: null
work: false
---
Full blogpost to come later, her are my thoughts:

- Second night in the capsule hotel was worse. Snoring people, metro sound pollution and lack of personal space. I made the executive decision to book a hotel room for the last two nights. I can't last must longer with a good night sleep. So one more night in the capsule hotel
- I did partake in the communal bathhouse of the capsule hotel this morning. On a stool with a shower head, and other people around me. Also took a plunge in the hot tub
- I went to the Hokusai Museum to see more woodblock prints. I learned that the originals are really delicate as they use natural pigments. So even the best works are only displayed one month a year. I did get to see a really good replica of 'The Great Wave' (most of the officals prints are woodblock presses any way).
- Went to the excellent Nationalal Museum of Modern Art. A lot of good artworks there
- I took a stroll through the Emperial Park, not much to see there sadly
- Rushed to the Meji Shrine before closing. That was really nice, a giant forest in the middle of such a bustling city. There was a wedding too!
- I went to Harajuku, and the Takeshita street. Really bussy, too much hype. I wanted some street food, but they only had sweet stuff. The Dorayaki I had was not bad though
- The to the Shibuya Scrable. That is the stupidest thing ever. Who thought that it was a good idea to turn and incredibly busy and usefull intersection into a tourist attraction.
 - It so dangerous, people running trough red lights the be the first on on the crossing, to get the best social media videos.  
 - 'mam, that video has been made a 1000 times over. 
 - The charm of the thing was the fact that so many **locals** were using it, now it is just tourists
 - No locals are using it now, because it is so busy. You have to wait in line to use it. WAIT IN LINE TO USE A CROSSWALK. YOU ARE NOT CROSSING THE STREET YOU ARE TAKING A PICTURE.
 - There is constant honking because of tourists staying on the zebra crossing, after the light has gotten red, taking picutres
 - I even paid money to get a good view of it all, and take pictures for you guys (and a little bit for my self)

> 'My house shall be called a house of prayer,' but you have made it a 'den of thieves.'" - Matthew 21:13

- Then went and gorged my self on way too many sushi (compensating for yesterday)
- I count 1 plate of sushi (usually two pieces) as one unit for the stats.
- The stat not tracks 'local snacks' (not just Kimbaps), and will also update when I got to Taiwan and Hong Kong!
- I went to my dad's favorite sushi restaurant, and it was amazing.
 - Unigi (My Bias)
 - Anago (The bias wrecker)
 - Crab Salad (For my inner child)
 - Tamago (to play into their margins)
 - Salmon (The classic)
 - Bintoro (My dad's favorite - I thought it was okay)
 - Ebi (Too much wasabi on this one)
 - ===
 - I gave my self 30 minutes. I had to make it an even twenty, that way it was also easier for me to covert it into euros (winky face emoji)
 - ==
 - I even ordered some in Japanese
 - I am fighting every urge in my body not to speak Korean.
 - I keep saying 네 (Ne), instead of はい (Hai) when trying to say 'Yes'
 - ===
 - The dutch couple before me waiting in line were complaining about the small of fish and the absence of 'Dragon Rolls'
 - _Get outta here!_
- After everything I went to a really nice rooftop garden to call my parents. Because I don't actually have a hotel room, just a bunk in a sleeping hall.

Today was another great day of touring. Saw some awesome art, felt the spiritual energy in at the Meji Shrine, and had some amazing food. 

When I walked out of the sushi place I was like 'Okay, I have now officially done all I wanted to do in Tokyo. The next few days feel like bonus' (This is a good feeling)
