---
title: "Day 43: Friday, November 7, 2025"
date: "2025-11-07"
day: 43
icon: ""
dayOfWeek: "Friday"
location: "Japan"
photos: [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22]
description: "Senso Shrine, National Museum, and Akihabara"
stats:
  kimbap: 0
  commits: 0
  worked: 0
  cultural: 7
  steps: 30012
tags: []
thumbnail: "3"
draft: false
coordinates:
  lat: null
  lng: null
work: false
---

Full post will be uploaded later:

Some Toughts:

- First night at the capsule hotel was okay. It is more a hostel, then a hotel. I need to keep my stuff in a locker which is quite inconvient.
- There are so many people here, and even more tourists. I think I've heard more dutch in one day here than in 6 weeks of Seoul. I am constantly dodging people taking pictures
- The first temple was really cool. In great condition and impecable monuments.
- The National Museum was so so, the second floor was better.
- WHERE ARE ALL THE COOL WOOD BLOCKS PRINTS? This feels like the Rijsmuseum without any Dutch Meesters
- I skipped out on a museum to got to Akihabara sooner, good idea!
- I spent so much time browsing shops.
  - Card shops
  - Figures
  - Commics
  - Art books
  - Kpop stores
- There is so much junk here that I want to buy but shouldn't. The fact that I only have a back packing is saving my wallet
- Talking about money, who said it was cheap here? I am spending it like water, and I keep getting coins back because there is so much cash only here! What do I do with all these coins?
- The food is great here! I am checking of my list quite quikly. No sushi yet tough
- I did a lot of walking, looking at the big buildings and Neon signs.
- Tomorrow another day with more shops and walking. I might see if I can change some things up. 

