---
title: "Day 69: Wednesday, December 3, 2025"
date: "2025-12-03"
day: 69
icon: ""
dayOfWeek: "Wednesday"
location: "Hong Kong"
photos: [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15]
description: "National Museum & Horse Race"
stats:
  kimbap: 0
  commits: 0
  worked: 0
  cultural: 3
  steps: 14151
tags: []
thumbnail: 13
draft: false
coordinates:
  lat: null
  lng: null
work: false
---

Brain Dump: Rest to come later:

- I woke a pretty groggy, sore and dehydrated. I also got a small sunburn, nore annoying than painful,
- I had and easy morning, and got some breakfast. I then spent the morning packing my backs and doing some prepping.
- When I was ready, I headed out the the palace musuem. I saved this for the last day.
- It was a bit of a let down. I was similar to the Taiwanese palace musuem, but it was missing some of the big cool pieces.
- Is done faster then I expected.
- Then I had some time to kill, so I had some more food, and played some crosswords.
_ I then headed over to the Horse Races in Happy valley.
- {Give some stats}
- I wanted to take a cute double decker train, but it was so congested, that I actually took longer than just walking
- I got to the venue on time
- I spend the first half hour talking to Copilot about how it all worked. I got more and more confusig. 
- The energy was pretty fun, and seeign the horses race was funny. 
- HHere are ome of their names:
- I tried betting, but I didn't get the machine to work. Seconly I was trying to get rid of my Hong Kong Dollars, not earn more!
- So I imagined my bet for the next race, and lost by a hair. 
- Hind side is that I probabbly should have take the bet, now I am stucky with all this money. 

I went to bed early, because I need to wake u pearly to morrow for about 36 hours of travelling. 

Not the most interesting of days, I've had. I wasn;t feeling my best with energy wise, but I did what I wanted to do today. 

I didn't feel like I had to make the last day here all that special, since the whole trip neem to special already.
