---
title: "Day 68: Tuesday, December 2, 2025"
date: "2025-12-02"
day: 68
icon: ""
dayOfWeek: "Tuesday"
location: "Hong Kong"
photos: [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15]
description: "Hiking the Dragon's Back"
stats:
  kimbap: 0
  commits: 0
  worked: 0
  cultural: 3
  steps: 39379
tags: []
thumbnail: "12"
draft: false
coordinates:
  lat: null
  lng: null
work: false
---

Brain Dump: Rest to come later:

- I wanted to hike today. I got some breakfast at the first place. I wanted to do this to save my cash. The food was pretty good. 
- But they only accepted cash
- I took a bus to the starting point. There was a whoel bunch of us there. But I soon took the lead and shed the pack.
- The views were nice, and it was really windy, which was nice pretty nice. 
- I finished sooner than expacted, wanted wanted to see some more. 
- So I opted for a second trail. I had more then enough snacks with me.
- Getting to the second trail was pretty hard. There were no side walkes, and I walked a bit on the road. 
- Eventually found a back entrace, and made my way to the trail. 
- This hike was a bit started slow, with not much to see, but some of the water resevours.
- Then I did the Twins, two big mountains, which was really tough but super cool.
- WWhile walking the hills I imagend them as the hills I had to climb during this trip.
- The first was getting here:
 - All the planning before hand, the permission, booking all the tickets, studying Korean for 5 years
- The second being the challenge of being here.
 - Feeling my rhythm, making friends, getting out there.'
- When I reached the top, it felt amazing! I tought, whay can't I do?
- I then got down, had nice views of the peninsula.
- IIt was 15:00 when I got down, I had been hiking for 4 hours. There was a busstop there. But I wnted more. 
- Bad call. 
_ I again had to do some urban exploring to get to my next location. Which turned out to be a town filled with luxary villa's
- I walked through this town, to my next stop. But the hike there was, wasn't all that interesting. The trail was also no the well maintained, only following color ribbons to the top, and climbing over and under trees and bushes
- When I was done I rushed back to the busstop, and immediatly got on a bus.
- The busdriver was speeding, but I didn't care. I was exhausted and wanted to get back to the hotel.
_ In the hotel I took a shower, and rested. 
- I wanted to get some streetfood, some nice fish. But the place I wanted to visit was too rowdy for a tired old me, and the dish I wanted didn't seem to come in a single portion. So instead I went back to the diener.
- I then tried to fall a sleep, but all the caffience got me awake. 

I nice day of hiking, but the views weren't all that great. I should have stopped earlier, but I was on a rush.

SSeems like the thing I can't do, is pace my self. 
