---
title: "Error: try again later"
date: "2025-09-28"
day: 3
icon: ""
dayOfWeek: "Sunday"
location: "Macau"
photos: ["mooncake", "error", "walking", "milk-tea", "stairs"]
description: ""
stats:
  kimbap: 1
  commits: 0
  worked: 0
  cultural: 1
  steps: 7883
tags: []
thumbnail: "street"
draft: false
coordinates:
  lat: null
  lng: null
work: false
---
## Sleeping in
I was so tired yesterday evening, that I feel asleep as soon as I got to my hotel room. I woke up around 10:00 am (sleep schedule fixed?) and started updating the blog. I went to get some food in the local supermarkets around my hotel. I bought some snacks from my food-list and found some fruit (finally!). 

## Trying to get tickets
This night there was another TWICE concert at the same venue. I had bought tickets using Viagogo when I was in the Netherlands. The sellers said that they had sent the tickets to my adress a week earlier, but I but they didn't arrive before I left from Seoul. Another weird thing was that the tracking code seemed to be invalid, as the tracking software didn't recognize the code. I had been in contact with Viagogo about this for a few days now, but the kept telling me "Wait till it gets there", "The seller says the are on the way", "If you miss out you get your money back". Getting my money back is nice, but I rather have the tickets. 

I finally got the call that the order was marked as 'unfullfilled' and I got an email that I would get a full refund. But now to find new tickes. I finally found a site that still had tickets, but all the information was in Cantonese. I managed to translate it all, find the tickets I wanted and get to the payment step. But when I tried to use AliPay to pay for my tickets I kept running into this error "Error: It is too busy, try again later". 

I think I spend maybe 3 hours trying and waiting, till I finally gave in. The tickets had surged to prices I was uncomfortable paying, for a concert that I had seen not less than 24 hours ago. I also felt that the risk of being scammed was growing my the minute. I also rationalized that I got tickets for they show on the 18th, and trying this too would probably be overplaying my luck a bit too much. 

It really sucked, but there wasn't that much that I could have done. 

## Taipa Village
I get away from envy-scrolling on my phone to seeing clips from the concert that fans were posting, I got out my hotel room and went for a walk to the nearby foodmarket in Taipa Village. Then I realizes 
