---
title: "Day 57: Friday, November 21, 2025"
date: "2025-11-21"
day: 57
icon: ""
dayOfWeek: "Friday"
location: "Taiwan"
photos: [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17]
description: "Fo Guang Shan Buddha Museum"
stats:
  kimbap: 20
  commits: 0
  worked: 0
  cultural: 8
  steps: 23532
tags: []
thumbnail: "2"
draft: false
coordinates:
  lat: null
  lng: null
work: false
---

Full blogpost will come later, here ar my thoughts:

- I left for the Fo Guang Shan Buddha Museum this morning by bus. I took about half an hour
- THey have the biggest buddah statue in Asia apperently
- They also had smaller shrines with aother buddahs
- There were also small exhibitions
  - One about the life of Buddah (including a 3d movie)
  - One about rock carvings, with a light display
  - One about caves where they hid things
  - Another about the founder of the musuem
- It interesting, but it felt also really culty. The attendants and the monks were a bit too friendly, and encouraged me to pray for stuff I didn't feel really comfortable with.
- They also have a tooth of the Buddah there apperently. I wanted to see it, but it had a big sign saying 'For followers only, not for sightseeing', so I left after lunch
- Also, the irony of 'wanting nothing' and then having such an extrodanry temple like this, was not lost on me
- After a longer bus ride back I went to the arts center. Mostly because I had time to kill. 
- There wasn't much to see there, but the architecture was interesting. 
- They had an thing there where you could draw a tree, and AI would turn it into a picture and display it
- So I was tempted to draw a male reproductive organ instead. When I was done it said 'Image too small' - touché
- I then went to another nightmarket to get some food. Had some more dumplings
- I went back to the hotel early to relax


