---
title: "Day 1: Friday, September 26, 2025"
date: "2025-09-26"
day: 1
icon: ""
dayOfWeek: "Friday"
location: "Seoul"
photos: ["silksong", "flightpath", "kimbap", "tickets"]
description: ""
stats:
  kimbap: 1
  commits: 0
  worked: o
  cultural: 0
  steps: 3651
tags: []
thumbnail: "thumb"
draft: false
coordinates:
  lat: null
  lng: null
work: false
---
This was a shorter day. I spend most of the time in an airplane, and I lost 7 hours because the earth is a globe. But I write a little about what happend today.

## The Flight
The flight to Seoul was okay. In total it took ~12 hours, but because the flight departed at 22:00, it sort of felt like a 'sleeping train'. 

Before the plane took off, I helped the flight attended put some luggage away which scored me some literal brownie points I got to use later in the flight. As soon as the plane took of, the person in front of me put his seat down as far as possible (bad flying ettiquette). 

I slept for a few hours, and playing Silksong on my Steamdeck. I bought the game on release day, but waited till to day to start it, and boy is it a blast to play. 

## Arrival
When I landed it was 17:00 in Seoul (10:00 in the Netherlands). I felt some jetlag, but because I didn't sleep too much I hope I can reset my schedule in one or two days. After I had collected my baggage, and got my medication checked, got to arrival hall 2 in Incheon. 

It still feels a bit unreal to be back here after three years. I keep hitting these milestones of 'Okay, now it actually started', like when I closed the door of my appartment yesterday, when I got on the play, when the plane took off, when the plane landed. I guess I will keep having these thoughts for the first week. 

There was one thing I really wanted to do as soon as I landed, and that was to by some Convience Store Kimbap. Last time I was here I devoured like 3 of these a day, they are soo good! I will keep track of how many I will eat in my time here. 

## TWICE Tickets
So TWICE will have a Fanmeeting (sort of like a concert, but a smaller scale and more informal), for their tenth anniversary. The announced venue had a capacity of 6000 people (mind you that they sold out 100k tickets in Taiwan within 5 minutes). I really wanted to go, but expected my chanes of nabbing a ticket to be pretty low. 

The sale started at 20:00, I was done with my post-landing checklist (get cash, get a sim card, get public transit card) at 19:00. But it would take me around 1.5 hour to get to my hotel. This would mean I that I would mis out on the tickets. But I had to give it a try. 

So I got a small meal at the Lotteria (Korean McDonalds) to get internet and a table, and waited. Slowly I saw the clock ticking down. I had a slim change, of actually getting the tickets, but I couldn't pass on this oppertunity. Then the clock hit 20:00, I was in the queue! 2000 people were in front of me, not too bad! But when the number reached 0 the website crashed, and I had to reload (_queue war-flashbacks to me scoring tickets for Taiwan_). This time I was number 3000. I tought it was over, lost again to the to the whims to the ticketing algorithm. But this time the countdown went way faster, probably duplicate accounts of people that were queueing with multiple device. 30 Seconds later I was back in, and there were still tickets left! I clicked on the first one I could see, and rushed through the payment procedure. **Order completed successfully!**. I had to contain myself from screaming, I actually did it, in the jankiest setup posible! 

## To the hotel
Now it is time to go to my hotel and check-in. Get some reset, and then get up early tomorrow to take another plane to Macau, to see TWICE live in concert (if my second hand ticket will let me). 

I am wrting this now in the aiport train to Seoul station. I will add some more picture of my room in tomorrow's post.
